Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hey. where am I?
Uh. what time is it?
Uh. we're at my place.
- It's 6:15.
- What?
I wasn't planning on spending the night.
Sorry.
Within two seconds of cuddling.
you fell asleep.
and you looked so peaceful.
- I didn't want to wake you.
- I slept six hours? Who does that?
I haven't slept that long
since my ACL surgery.
Yeah. and Davis lives across the hall.
so you gotta move.
What? Uh. okay. yeah. um...
He leaves early. Hurry up.
- Morning.
- Hey.
See we have another early bird
in the building?
Yep.
So. uh. how do you know Abby?
I don't.
- Hey. Elena.
- Hi.
I think I left my glasses at your place.
- Can you check?
- Your glasses? Sure.
That reminds me.
I'm either near or farsighted.
I need to get my eyes checked.
Uh. hey. I gotta go.
Wow.
Doing little errands for your lady?
- Whipped. huh?
- I guess.
You know. I really like her.
I'm legitimately excited to spend
election season with her.
- Hm.
- Which. speaking of.
how are things going with AJ?
I'm really trying to take a step back
and focus on myself.
That's great. man.
Proud of you.
Proud of me. too.
Yeah. I was walking around her hometown
on Google Maps Street View at 3 am.
and I was like. "What are you doing?"
Why'd you ask?
No reason.
Hey. fuckers.
welcome to the Thunderdome.
I'm four Mountain Dews deep
and ready to administer your beatdown.
Whatever. losers. Enjoy your soda.
At least we're old enough to drink.
Hey. can you guys keep it down out here?
I'm trying to memorize my lines
for my acting class tomorrow.
And I have to be lighting candles
at church in six hours.
but you don't hear me complaining. bitch.
- Okay. I'm turning the TV off.
- No. don't do that!
- We'll put on headphones.
- Thank you.
Eat metal. Aiden!
We'll kick your asses
back to kindergarten!
That's it. You're done.
- I'm putting the TV in my room.
- No. no. no. no.
- We'll be good. we promise.
- Please. Kel.
We'll be done in. like.
three hours. we swear.
- Three hours?
- Five hours. tops.
Unbelievable.
Okay. so for your bio. we have.
"Abby Chilukuri is a vibrant
and talented up-and-coming stylist
- based in New York."
- Damn. Anupam.
You make me sound so accomplished.
I'm simply reading back the words
you wrote for yourself.
Now. please. resend the images
you'd like included.
I only received two.
It's just those two.
Maybe I should change
"celebrity stylist" to
"aspiring celebrity stylist"?
Okay. let's not get caught up
in the details.
Just make it look good
and send me a link when it's done.
- Hey! You're still up.
- Wait. were you with Bill again?
That's. like. four nights this week.
Actually. five. if you count him
accidentally falling asleep
in my bed last night.
Look at you.
And I thought you said
- you'd never date anyone at work.
- I know.
But that was before I realized
Bill might be my person.
Wow. I've never heard you talk
about anyone like this before.
Okay. so tell me about your date.
Did you guys go to a fancy restaurant?
Are there leftovers?
God. I love free food.
We don't really go out to dinner.
We just do drinks at his place.
Oh! Okay.
So. then it's more like a...
like a casual hookup kind of thing.
No. we're dating.
What? Just say it.
I love that Bill is your person.
But if you guys are dating.
don't you think
you should be going on dates?
Okay. I. uh. I get that
it's kind of unconventional.
but it's nuanced
because of our circumstances.
And I get that you don't understand that.
But it's working great for us.
Then. that's great.
Great. Goodnight.
Hey.
- Yo.
- Well. I hope you're happy.
You kept me up all night.
I was so tired.
I fell asleep in my acting class today.
- I mean. is that a big deal?
- Yes. My scene partner was Madea.
and she just said she killed our kids.
and I was out cold.
And who ate all my food?
Oh. I had. like. a bite.
Is that okay?
A bite? I... I had five meals prepped.
- and they're all gone.
- Well. I only ate one.
I just accidentally left the rest out.
and they all went bad.
Bro. those were gonna be
my school lunches for the week.
Whoa. buddy. you're. like. really grumpy.
What's going on?
We can't keep staying up all night
playing video games. having fun.
eating and drinking whatever we want.
Uh. why can't we do any of that stuff?
You're describing an awesome life.
Look. we're sorry about last night.
but our jobs are super stressful.
And on Fridays. we have to be able
to blow off some steam.
- Yeah.
- My life is stressful too.
What?
It's just. it's different.
- How?
- I work at the most prestigious
news program in the country.
Journalism is dying. and I'm fighting
on the front lines of truth.
Yeah. and Fisher Stassen
is the beating heart
of the global economy.
So. I'm also on the f-front lines.
So. what you're saying is that
your stuff is important
and mine's stupid.
I mean. Kel. you're a substitute teacher
who does weekend acting camp.
It's not acting camp. It's scene study.
And you didn't treat me
like this when I was a med student.
Yeah. 'cause you were gonna be a doctor.
which is. like. noble and shit.
Oh. my God.
The 14-year-old girls I teach were right.
- Huh? About what?
- About men.
You two have done nothing
but mansplain and gaslight me
into thinking that I have no value.
And I've been too delulu to see
that this is how you move.
- What are you saying?
- This is like talking to my little sister.
I'm saying that you think I'm a joke.
You don't respect me.
I'm outta here.
Actors. am I right?
They're all like that.
Uh. hi.
Austin?
Austin.
This is awkward.
- Uh. Abby. this is Stella.
- Hi.
Well. I'm gonna go see if B.J. Novak
has any more shroom chocolate.
Got your text.
I am so sorry you had to see that.
I hope it didn't make you
feel some kind of way.
No. it didn't.
What's up?
I booked a huge campaign.
- and I want you to style me for it.
- Oh. my God!
For who? Dior. Balenciaga. Thom Browne?
No. For ketamine.
- The drug?
- Mm-hmm.
It's an anti-ketamine PSA
- for the Ad Council.
- Hm.
- So. will you do it?
- Yes!
Oh. my God. of course.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
You know. I could ask Stella to leave.
No. that won't be necessary.
So. I guess B.J. Novak left.
He has a book reading in the morning.
Okay. I'm gonna go.
Austin. thank you so much.
Stella. I hope you find
the drugs you're looking for.
Aw. Thank you!
Which one of these outfits
makes you want to do ketamine?
And more importantly. which one doesn't?
Uh. well. the purple one?
- Hm.
- I don't know.
I've never done drugs before.
I think I would like them too much.
- Hey.
- Hi.
- I have a request.
- Did you lock yourself out?
Because I lost your spare key
a long time ago.
No. no. no. that's not it. um...
I had a falling out earlier
with Davis and Josh.
Look. I can't stay there anymore.
By any chance. could I crash here
- 'til I find a place?
- Why?
- Your family lives in the city.
- Yeah.
But... but they're not speaking to me.
As I'm hearing myself. it seems like
everyone in my life hates me.
But I'm normal. I swear.
This is sad.
- So sad.
- I can hear you.
But you're right. it is.
Look. you won't even notice I'm here.
I mean. I... I go to bed early.
I'll pitch in for rent.
What do you think?
I'm always at work or at...
doing other things.
so I don't really care.
Alright. You can sleep on the couch.
And the kitchen sink is your sink.
Got it. Thank you.
Roomies!
Ahh...
So close.
Hey. so I guess Kel's
still staying at the girls'?
Such a bummer.
I mean. do we just go
halfsies on rent now?
Rent? You're worried about freaking rent?
Look at this place.
What if we have
another apartment emergency?
Kel's the responsible one.
I'm a bon vivant.
and you're a man-child.
An apartment emergency?
- What are you even talking about?
- I don't know.
Like. another fire?
Or worse. an intruder?
- I could take care of an intruder.
- You?
If anyone's gonna have
to fight off an intruder.
it'll obviously have to be me.
Please. I could pin you
in. like. six seconds.
I could pin you in six seconds.
- Alright. then pin me.
- You didn't give me a fair start!
- Ah!
- I'm winning. dude.
No. I'm winning!
Are you trying to bite me?
There's no biting.
Why are your hands so soft?
I use night cream. you caveman!
Ah! Dude. my back!
Maybe we should get an alarm.
More coffee?
- Why. thank you.
- You're welcome.
And thank you for making
these incredible muffins. Kel.
- Did you sleep okay?
- Oh. my God. yes.
The couch is so comfy.
and there's no crumbs in the grooves.
We vacuum it once a week.
- You own a vacuum?
- We own two.
- What is this place?
- An idiot-free zone.
Hi. Abby Chilukuri.
I'm here to pull for Austin Blanchett.
He's doing a big ketamine campaign.
That's so dope. I love ketamine.
You style Austin Blanchett?
No way. Oh. my God.
Nicky Campbell. I... I love you.
I'm obsessed with your fashion critiques.
- I'm Abby. by the way.
- So. you're responsible
for Austin's fashion glow-up?
He's been serving look after look.
That means. literally.
everything coming from you.
Yes. it does.
You know. we actually have a group chat
for people of color in fashion.
I'm a people of color in fashion.
- I'll add you to it.
- Shut up.
Never.
- Hey.
- Did you remember my glasses?
- What? Shit.
No. I forgot.
With all the Kel drama.
it slipped my mind.
It's fine. I'll just continue to work
in my prescription sunglasses.
It's like. yes. Kel.
I don't do the dishes.
but it's because
I contribute in other ways.
Like. I order our toilet paper
on my family's Amazon account.
Right.
So. I have some fun news.
Yeah? Fuck!
Sorry.
Davis messed up my back.
and the pain is spreading
to my butt and my neck.
I need to lay down on the floor.
Davis. I cannot help but notice
your small. sad mustache.
My roommate moved out and took our razor.
This is why I never ask
about his personal life.
- Will I see you tonight?
- Yes.
How is he?
- Who?
- Kel.
Oh. he's good. He made us muffins.
His famous Monday muffins?
- Mm-hmm.
- Well. don't get used to it.
'cause he'll leave you
as soon as you do nothing.
Again. we don't need to hear
about your personal life.
I will give you money for a razor.
I don't remember which brand Kel buys us.
Oh. boy.
- Here she is.
- Oh. great.
Can you bag these up and put them
at the counter for me. please?
No.
And you're no longer welcome here.
Vanessa told me everything.
I've known her since Parsons.
We both dated Jim Parsons
when we were at RISD.
- Uh. but I...
- Loyalty may not mean anything to you.
but it does to me.
Please leave.
Um...
Can I at least still be on the group chat?
Oh. you'll be on it.
Just not in the way you want.
Oh. man.
I'm so tired.
I can barely keep my eyes open.
Oh. whoa. hey. hey. hey.
Are you okay?
Why are you so tired?
Shit. you don't have mono. do you?
No. your bed is just so comfortable.
It must be amazing
to wake up in it every day.
Oh.
I don't know.
It just came with the apartment.
So. should I...
call a car or...
No. No. please.
I'll call you one.
You just rest right there
until it arrives.
Damn. what'd
those plates do to piss you off?
Ugh. I've had such a shitty day.
Well. you're gonna wake
the whole building up.
Here. let me help.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah. I got you.
That's very thoughtful of you.
Hey. are you dating anybody?
No. no. not at the moment.
Because I have the perfect
person for you. This girl. Liza.
I mean. she's crazy.
but guys seem to think it's worth it.
Uh. thanks. Abby. but. uh. I think
I can find someone on my own.
Hey.
Hi! You're home.
Uh. yeah.
Cool. well. there's. uh. leftovers
in the fridge if you're hungry.
Okay. thanks.
- Of course. Goodnight.
- Goodnight.
Kel!
What the hell was that?
Y-You don't like leftovers?
No. I love leftovers.
What was that tone on. "Oh. you're home"?
- There was a tone?
- Yes. Kel.
and the tone was judgment.
And I am sick of her
judging me and my relationship.
Yeah. she mentioned
you were seeing someone?
She always assumes the worst.
and now she's in my head.
making me paranoid.
Why is she like this?
That's. uh. crazy.
Friends should be supportive.
Exactly. thank you. You get it.
Well. I... I'm just gonna
get ready for bed.
Good talk.
I'm... I'm in here.
I can't believe AJ
came home late again.
This guy won't even
let her stay overnight.
How can she not see he's using her?
Look. I know she's annoyed with me.
but I'm just trying to help her
make good decisions.
Totally. Friends should be supportive.
Yes. thank you!
You get it.
Donut holes? Oh.
Yeah. People really love
these things. huh?
By the time I got to them.
they were almost gone.
What's the occasion?
Did we get another Peabody nom?
Nope. They're for Elena's last day.
Last day?
Elena.
- You're leaving the show?
- Yeah. I got promoted.
I'm the network's new Associate Manager
of Content and Acquisitions.
What? That's like a corporate job.
How? Also. why?
I realized there's no room
for growth for me here.
so I asked your dad
to put in a good word for me.
What? You used my dad?
You also used your dad.
Besides. when I met him.
he said to let him know
if I needed anything.
- And I needed something.
- I mean. I respect the move.
It's actually really smart.
I just wish you hadn't kept it from me.
I tried to tell you. but you were too busy
talking about yourself.
I have a lot going on
with my roommate stuff.
And there is a big update.
Davis straight up lost my shoehorn.
Josh.
Okay. I hear it.
I'm sorry.
Can I take you to dinner to celebrate?
I don't think so.
Uh. this has been fun.
but my new role's
a little more managerial.
and I don't think dating a PA
would be a really good look.
I'll... I'll see you around.
That comes to $27.329.
Wow. That's a big number.
Would you like to open a store card
for a 5% discount?
Yes!
Whoa. no one's ever
said yes to that before.
Also. I love all these pieces
and plan to keep them all
as heirlooms for my children.
But. uh. what's your return policy?
We accept returns within 30 days.
Unworn.
Great.
Quick reminder.
Whoever's home last.
please deadbolt the door.
Okay. so Abby's text
is clearly about me.
Thumbs up? Passive aggressive much?
Hey. hey.
Can one of you tell me
what's happening here?
What's wrong with the thumbs up?
Thumbs-upping a text is really bad.
- It's. like. violent.
- What?
Why? Doesn't it just mean.
like. "Okay. got it"?
No. a thumbs up means.
"I hate you. Kill yourself."
A heart means. "Okay. got it."
And it's the only acceptable reaction.
There's a lot of subtext here.
The girls on this chain are clearly
going through something serious.
Sorry. couldn't help but overhear.
But I always find you can't
go wrong with a "haha."
- Yeah. that's fun.
- Right?
Keep it light?
Idiots.
Did... did she just call us idiots?
Yeah. And the worst part is.
we can't say it back.
- Mm.
- What happened to the youth?
And Kel's always like.
"Drink water. Davis.
Eat vegetables. Davis."
Well. guess what?
I haven't had a sip of water
or a veggie since last Friday.
and I'm fine!
Come over tonight.
Can I get a meatball sub
and a bag of potato chips?
- Yeah. sure.
- Thanks.
Hey. Chicken Caesar salad.
- No cheese. no dressing. no croutons.
- You got it.
Ordering a meatball sub
while wearing a white shirt?
That's brave.
I zip my coat all the way up while I eat.
Are we cool?
You ignored my text.
I would like to see you
beyond just. like. sex.
Okay. we spend 80 hours a week
together at work.
I don't think it's possible
to see each other more.
That's not what I mean.
I get that this needs
to be a secret for now.
But if we're dating.
I need to go on an actual date.
Like. going out to dinner
and spending the night.
And if that's not possible.
I'm okay with not doing this anymore.
which is a shame
because I really like you.
Now. if you excuse me.
I am going to find a spot to eat
where the pigeons can't get my sub.
You know. I love strong.
ambitious women making their mark.
So. I'm good with Elena getting the job.
But how can she imply I'm self-centered?
That's crazy.
Hey. you mind taking
the trash to the chute?
I'm a super smeller. so it's hard for me.
I've just been throwing
the bags out the window
into the dumpster down there.
- It's like Dude Perfect.
- Oh.
Great.
This remote is really sticky.
I feel like it wasn't always like this.
Davis!
For three!
Wait. why haven't you cued up Big yet?
- We're not watching Big.
- Why?
Because it's about a 30-something woman
sleeping with a kid in Tom Hanks's body.
Only a pervert would think that.
It's about the importance
of facing the world
- with childlike wonder.
- What?
Even in the end.
Elizabeth Perkins is like.
"Jesus Christ. what have I done?"
Oh. my God. you ruin everything.
No wonder Elena dumped you.
You're just jealous of me.
I would never be jealous
of those muscles!
You stretch out this cardigan.
I'll kill you.
I should've thrown that
out the window too!
I'm invoking landlord rights.
What is going on in here?
Why are you throwing garbage
out the window?
I just got hit in the head with the heel
of a French bread pizza.
That's Josh.
I had a jar of old sauce for dinner.
Shut up! Get your shit together.
or you're out.
At least the Murray Hill Mangler
kept to himself when he lived here.
Blow out your candles. Laura.
So. goodnight.
Wow. I'm really impressed.
That was so good. Also. I love this play.
I would totally watch it
if it were an HBO miniseries.
Abby. this acting class
is changing my life.
It's helping me realize
how right I was to quit med school.
That's so great.
Okay. do you wanna run it again?
Should we wait for AJ?
I told her she can read Gentleman Caller.
Yeah. but you don't wanna wait
until. like. 2 am
or whenever her booty call sends her home.
Okay. then yeah. l-let's do it.
It's like. "Get a backbone. AJ."
You say you're a feminist.
and this is how you let a man treat you?
Right. Right.
- I... I think you have the first line.
- Oh.
You started without me?
I thought I was gonna play
Gentleman Caller.
We just didn't know
when you'd be back home.
Yeah. sorry. It's just. Abby said...
Sh... never mind.
- Let's take it from the top.
- No.
What did Abby say?
I just said.
given that your schedule
is based on the whims
of a man you're seeing.
we didn't know when you'd be back home.
See. Kel? This is what we've
been talking about.
You guys have been talking about me?
Yeah. we were. Kel and I both feel
you could be less judgmental
and more supportive.
Oh!
That's really interesting. Kel.
because we've been talking about how AJ
might be a little delusional
in her relationship.
Do you really feel that way. Kel?
Friends should be supportive?
Whose side are you on. Kel?
Yeah. pick a side. Kel.
I'm not on either side. okay?
'Cause you guys are both being really...
and I'm only saying this
'cause I can't find another word.
bitchy.
Excuse me?
You did not just call us bitchy.
I didn't want to. but you drove me to it.
Why don't you two just talk to each other?
Oh! Oh! I'm sorry. Is the little clown
who got kicked out of his own apartment
telling us how to live?
I didn't get kicked out. I left.
We took your ass in off the streets.
Hey. it's Davis and Josh.
Go away!
K-Kel. we are so sorry.
We neither recognized
nor respected all that you do
- for our home and friendship.
- Apology accepted.
Thanks for your hospitality.
But your bathroom is a disaster.
No one needs that many creams.
They're serums!
- I'm sorry.
- No. I'm sorry.
I should have kept my opinions to myself.
No. you were right.
And it pushed me
to actually stand up for myself.
I told Bill I deserve more.
and he invited me on a real date.
- Wait. when?
- He texted me earlier.
But I just wanted to clear the air
- before I told you.
- Okay. tell me exactly what he said.
He just said he's taking me on a date.
and to meet him downtown.
He sent an address.
Oh. my God. A last-minute surprise
downtown date?
I am going to make you look so hot.
And. you know. if you wanted
to pay me a styling fee.
- I wouldn't say no.
- Wait. why?
I have had the worst week.
And I promise to tell you all about it.
but you have to promise
not to wear a tie on your date.
I think ties are chic. but fine.
Mm!
So. seriously. nothing happened
with Abby while you were living there?
No. man. She's not into me.
Well. we're glad to have
you back where you belong.
- Right in your couch indent.
- It's good to be back.
But before I turn on the movie.
let's set some ground rules.
You will acknowledge that my job is real.
even if it's temporary.
and that acting is a noble profession
and saves as many lives as being a doctor.
What? No. I mean. come on.
How 'bout we agree it saves
as many lives as investment banking?
Fine.
Now. let's watch Big.
which we will also all agree
is problematic. but fine.
Okay. sure.
I like the piano scene.
And the kid stuff's a little weird.
Hey Kate. what are you doing later?
Wanna hang out?
- Whoa.
- Whoa?
Why whoa?
Are you going somewhere after this?
No. Why. are you?
No. No. Sorry.
Sorry. You look incredible.
I'm just worried you might be
a little overdressed.
Why? Where are we going?
- Oh.
- Yeah.
Oh. okay!
- Good?
- Yeah.
- You all good?
- Great.
This is so exciting.
I didn't realize Staten Island
had good restaurants.
We are actually eating here.
What?
- What the hell is this?
- It's a PB&J.
Bill. I... I don't want to be eating
homemade sandwiches on a ferry.
This is like the start of an SVU episode.
Okay. I know it's not the most glamorous.
but let me explain.
I lived on Staten Island
when I moved to the city from Oklahoma.
And I took the ferry to work.
I hated how poor I was.
and the clothes I wore.
and I just wanted to hurry up
and get to the part
where I was successful.
But this?
This was the best part of the day.
Looking out at the city
and all the promise it held.
As hard as everything else was...
I always looked forward to it.
Okay. I take it back.
You know. I've actually
never told anyone that stuff.
Hey. are we dating?
Yeah. obviously.
Yeah. but are you. like.
casting a wide net for data?
What are you actually asking me right now?
Do you want to date other people?
You make me not want to.
Oh. shit.
Go to bed.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm